README.md, before:

# create-jue

Create a new Nuxt project with TailwindCSS or @nuxt/ui.

## Installation

```bash
# Using bun (recommended)
bun create jue@nuxt my-app

# Using npm
npm create jue@nuxt my-app

# Install in current directory (must be empty)
bun create jue@nuxt .
```

## Features

- ✨ Nuxt 4
- 🎨 Choose: TailwindCSS or @nuxt/ui
- 📦 Optional Nuxt modules selection
- 🚀 Ready to use

## UI Framework Options

| Option          | Description                            |
| --------------- | -------------------------------------- |
| **TailwindCSS** | Utility-first CSS framework (default)  |
| **@nuxt/ui**    | Nuxt UI library with built-in Tailwind |

## Available Modules

- **@nuxt/icon** - 200,000+ icons
- **@nuxtjs/color-mode** - Dark mode support
- **@nuxt/image** - Image optimization
- **@pinia/nuxt** - State management
- **@vueuse/nuxt** - Vue composition utilities
- **@nuxtjs/i18n** - Internationalization
- **@nuxt/content** - File-based CMS
- **@nuxtjs/supabase** - Supabase integration

## Publishing

```bash
# Publish with nuxt tag
npm publish --tag nuxt
```

## License

MIT

## Links

- [GitHub](https://github.com/jue/nuxt-starter)
- [Issues](https://github.com/jue/nuxt-starter/issues)

Commit message:

docs: 更新README中的发布说明
在npm发布命令后添加关于bun create jue@nuxt的说明

README.md, after:

# create-jue

Create a new Nuxt project with TailwindCSS or @nuxt/ui.

## Installation

```bash
# Using bun (recommended)
bun create jue@nuxt my-app

# Using npm
npm create jue@nuxt my-app

# Install in current directory (must be empty)
bun create jue@nuxt .
```

## Features

- ✨ Nuxt 4
- 🎨 Choose: TailwindCSS or @nuxt/ui
- 📦 Optional Nuxt modules selection
- 🚀 Ready to use

## UI Framework Options

| Option          | Description                            |
| --------------- | -------------------------------------- |
| **TailwindCSS** | Utility-first CSS framework (default)  |
| **@nuxt/ui**    | Nuxt UI library with built-in Tailwind |

## Available Modules

- **@nuxt/icon** - 200,000+ icons
- **@nuxtjs/color-mode** - Dark mode support
- **@nuxt/image** - Image optimization
- **@pinia/nuxt** - State management
- **@vueuse/nuxt** - Vue composition utilities
- **@nuxtjs/i18n** - Internationalization
- **@nuxt/content** - File-based CMS
- **@nuxtjs/supabase** - Supabase integration

## Publishing

```bash
# Publish with nuxt tag (required for bun create jue@nuxt)
npm publish --tag nuxt
```

## License

MIT

## Links

- [GitHub](https://github.com/jue/nuxt-starter)
- [Issues](https://github.com/jue/nuxt-starter/issues)
